hi everyone film recap here i'm going to
show you a fantasy romantic drama film
title the curious case of benjamin
button spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
an old woman lies vulnerably in a
hospital bed while hurricane katrina
hits new orleans a younger woman crosses
the space in between them and
desperately tries to console the old
woman the old woman is ready and waiting
to seize a short recollection of a
familiar story swiftly appears before
her conscience
a visually impaired watchmaker in new
orleans had a son who has been deployed
on the battlefield when his son left all
he did was work on the town's most
prominent watch after four short months
a letter arrived proclaiming their son
died in the war
the watchmaker mourned so much that he
decided to reverse engineer the towns
watched to commemorate all the lives
lost in the war he wished that he could
turn back the time to keep their
children alive and their sons would come
back home the whole town remember the
clock has the watchmaker's parting gift
as he was never seen again the old woman
daisy asked the younger woman caroline
to pick up a book from her suitcase she
asks her to open the book and read
through the pages caroline sees several
memorabilia attached to the diary
caroline reads the last will and
testament the testament leaves no
possessions of wealth but revelations to
carolina as far as a man named benjamin
can remember when the war was announced
to have ended the families of the dead
soldiers but the war is a two-faced
traitor being celebrated by the rest of
the people in new orleans
a man sprints nervously in the middle of
the rejoice and crowd towards his house
he comes home to her dying wife after
giving birth the a woman asks him to
promise her to show love and affection
to her child
before she bids and for while thomas
steps towards the cripplings over the
crying little creature
almost vomiting on sight he jerkily
carries him and runs the house he takes
him to drown a live in the lake just a
mile away from home but a guard shouts
over and runs after the guard loses
sight of thomas as he hides in a short
alley he inserts a piece of cloth into
the child's swaddle and leaves him in
the stairs of a welded house
just behind the alley a couple of
sweetly talking outside the house
but an old lady interrupts their moment
the woman follows the old lady back
inside the house
but the man drags her in mindlessly
takes small steps down the stool the man
could have crashed the tiny swaddled boy
in the stairs if he has not immediately
lifted his foot and skipped the woman
opens up the swaddle
revealing the oddest baby the two have
ever seen the couple gasps in horror and
amusement the man persuades her to leave
the baby alone but the woman picks him
up and carries him inside the house she
keeps him in her drawers in her room and
assists the age people in the shelter
she comes in contact with a doctor who
she calls a long term
the doctor diagnoses that the boy was
blind from cataracts as auditorily
impaired his ossified hands and feet
and is also suffering from arthritis the
doctor declares that he was not a
newborn but an old man deteriorating to
the grave queenie feels necessarily
pitiful that she wants to keep him
but the doctor warns her that not
everyone is meant to survive queenie
carefully takes the baby to the shelter
where the aged people gather in names a
little boy benjamin benjamin finds a
home as queenie raises him growing up
benjamin lived the first few years of
his life thinking he was also in his
twilight years just like the people in
the shelter he was the playful old man
who can only move his limbs with a
wheelchair queenie stands by him as he
aged into youth one night queenie takes
benjamin to a faith healer
she asked to be prayed over to start
burying a child in clear benjamin from
what she called the devil's curse
the healer asks him to rise from his
wheelchair but benjamin falls down he
manages to rise again and takes little
the healer collapses and dies and
rejoice at benjamin's victory that night
the shelter has regular visits from
birthdays and deaths and benjamin
witnesses how people come and go leaving
him wondering why death hasn't taken him
yet
[Music]
benjamin becomes acquainted with a pygmy
man who takes him to train trips and
parks the pygmy man leaves him alone and
crutches where benjamin spends the whole
night walking himself home benjamin
thought it was one of the best days of
his life on sundays the families of the
aged people visit the shelter for thanks
one of the elderly women introduces
benjamin to her granddaughter
daisy an adorable auburn girl with blue
after serving the thanksgiving lunch
queen announces that she is going to
have a baby while benjamin is dealing
with the news
daisy starts opening up and playing to
benjamin one night the to light up a
candle under a bed down the basement and
reveal secrets to each other benjamin
admits that he was not as old as he
looked and daisy believes he was daisy's
grandmother catches and scolds the two
of them for misbehaving when daisy left
benjamin gets back to getting acquainted
with older people one lady teaches him
how to play the piano as time goes by
benjamin notices more changes taking
place in his body one day he visits a
port with another old man and is hired
to work in the boat the work in the sea
excites the odd benjamin he grows close
to captain mike who eventually discovers
that he was still living captain mike
takes benjamin to a brothel where they
have a dose of liquors sentiments and
women despite benjamin's odd and
peculiar appearance
a prostitute eagerly takes him
but becomes flabbergasted
when benjamin does not run out of sexual
vitality he became her sole guest
while going home from the brothel a car
stops by benjamin on the sidewalk he
invites benjamin to the car and
introduces himself as thomas button
the two heads to a luxurious bar and
talks about benjamin's disease later
that night thomas takes him home and
asks him if he could pay a visit time
after time daisy comes by another
thanksgiving day and spends the day with
daisy and the tugboat captain mike revs
the boat to life as benjamin wishes
benjamin's old lady friend dies one day
there he comes to an epiphany that his
life passes by differently than anyone
else in the shelter he lovingly bids
farewell to her parents in the shelter
who wish him safety and happiness and
turn benjamin promises to write daisy a
postcard from wherever he lives
his life in the sea was long and
agonizing but daisy makes sure to send a
letter back after every postcard
meanwhile daisy advances to be a
professional ballet dancer
benjamin and his crew stopped by
brothels and bars whenever they dock on
land on one trip benjamin pays for a
hotel room where he meets
elizabeth walter who happens to be a spy
one night when he had trouble dozing off
he gets acquainted with him they find
solace with each other countless nights
meeting at the hotel lobby every night
when he couldn't sleep and when she
doesn't have her husband around her
benjamin falls in love with a married
elizabeth benjamin admits the
unfortunate news to daisy
even though daisy is making significant
progress with her career the news broke
her heart benjamin spends many nights
with elizabeth
where he sinfully ends up making love to
her
their affairs too blissful to be true
until one night elizabeth no longer
meets him in the lobby of their own
level benjamin learns to deal with
losing elizabeth when the war starts to
break out back in the sea
the crew is preparing for salvage but
their tugboat has been caught in between
the military distress the opponents
killed their captain and some of the
crew when the tugboat crashes in despair
benjamin is fortunately alive in bids
goodbye to the friendships who died
along with the tugboat benjamin comes
back home to the shelter where he sees
the happy despite the sorrow on the sea
and the death and the shelter
both of them are immensely grateful and
apologetic at the same time one lonely
morning daisy visits the shelter
daisy hugs benjamin but benjamin dwells
that daisy was just a girl when he left
but a beautiful woman had taken her
place when he came back daisy and
benjamin head out for a night to
reconnect and benjamin finds himself
falling in love with a gracefully dancer
daisy kisses and seduces him before the
night ends she goes home disappointed as
benjamin adamantly reject the following
night an old friend thomas passes by the
shelter and takes benjamin for a dinner
where he admits his affection for
benjamin as a company he takes benjamin
to the button factory
where he reveals that benjamin is his
son he tours her around his house and
introduces an old picture of benjamin's
mother
caroline benjamin leaves thomas's house
confused in paint later he comes back to
the buttons mansion and picks him up for
an early trip to the lake where thomas
lets go of his life benjamin heads to
new york for daisy he once again falls
in love with a graceful daisy on stage
after the show he pays her a backstage
visit benjamin becomes jealous and
leaves the after party when a friend
kisses daisy squarely on the lips she
chases after him
but ends up leaving too after hearing
that benjamin felt happy for her
boyfriend benjamin spends his days
touring with his motorcycle and
repairing things one day he receives a
sad letter and heads to a hospital in
paris daisy is suffering from multiple
injuries after being hit by a taxi days
ago
benjamin wants to take her home but
daisy asks him to stay out of his life
the broken benjamin dealt with the agony
through countless one night stands daisy
reconnects with benjamin one day where
they end up making love that night the
to spend their years passionately
making love at different places in
different weather eventually benjamin's
disease starts complicating their
relations daisy worries that benjamin
will wake up to an old lady one day
but she shrugs it off knowing he loved
her enough the news of queenie's death
break benjamin and daisy that moves on
after time benjamin sells his father's
mansion to live his years with daisy in
their own duplex where they endured and
outlived all the sorrows from the years
they missed the loss of youth caused
daisy great pain but she promises
benjamin to accept aging as it is daisy
opens up her own ballet class and
reveals that she is carrying benjamin's
child benjamin grows excessively worried
that the baby might end up like him
or he might not be able to father the
baby at all daisy eases him off by
swearing that she will make things work
for their family nine months later daisy
triumphantly gives birth to their first
child in names the child after his
mother caroline caroline becomes angry
after the diaries revelation but
continued reading through the pages the
gravity of benjamin's disease started to
show when he realized that their child
needs a father and not alone even though
he loved his wife and daughter he
decides to leave them with all his
inheritances
to live in the direction his diseases
taking him caroline puzzles out
all the notes of regrets and the
postcards her father has sent throughout
her life she learns that her father
benjamin spent the rest of his life away
from them in vain
in different places one day the team
looking benjamin decides to see caroline
and daisy
but he discovers that she remarried the
man who fathered caroline daisy and
benjamin spent their last passionate
night together at home the years went
through without seeing each other one
for lauren day
a man calls daisy to hand out benjamin's
diary the authorities find and take
benjamin back to the shelter in his last
years the team-looking benjamin keeps
playing a familiar tune on the piano
suffering from dementia the old daisy
takes care of the demented young
benjamin until the government of
louisiana replaced the town's watch
oddly enough his forgetful and agonizing
years came to the hurricane completely
broke out of new orleans when caroline
finished reading the diary
when the city was flooded the story of
benjamin and then reverse engineered
watch had been washed away
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out thank
you for watching